docs(cmd/iceberg): Added description of CLI usage in README (#301)
apache/iceberg-go: README.md

* Plan to add [Apache Arrow](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/apache/arrow-go/) support eventually.
* Data can currently be read as an Arrow Table or as a stream of Arrow record batches.

### CLI Usage
The `iceberg` CLI usage is very similar to [pyiceberg CLI](https://py.iceberg.apache.org/cli/) \
You can pass the catalog URI with `--uri` argument.

Example:
You can start the Iceberg REST API docker image which runs on default in port `8181`
```
docker pull tabulario/iceberg-rest:latest
docker run -p 8181:8181 tabulario/iceberg-rest:latest
```
and run the `iceberg` CLI pointing to the REST API server.

```

>  ./iceberg --uri http://0.0.0.0:8181 list

Reviewer: You should probably include the `go build cmd/iceberg` command in the README so they know to build it and make the CLI available

Author: @zeroshade added. Thanks.

### CLI Usage

> Run `go build` command to build the CLI command. 
> The CLI executable(`iceberg`) will be available in `cmd/iceberg` path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `go build ./cmd/iceberg` from the root of this repository to build the CLI executable, alternately you can run `go install github.com/apache/iceberg-go/cmd/iceberg` to install it to the `bin` directory of your `GOPATH`.
```

What about this?
